README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/vagrant-vscode">
    <img src="docs/assets/ocular-d-logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Vagrant VSCode</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Visual Studio Code Demo For Technical Writing
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/vagrant-vscode"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/Best-vagrant-vscode/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/vagrant-vscode/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

- [About the Project](#about)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About

This is a demo of how to use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/ "Link to website") for technical (API) writing.

VSCode (Visual Studio Code) is running on top of an [Ubuntu 18.04 LTS Desktop](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop "Website of Ubuntu Desktop") configured with [extensions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery "Link to website with VSCode extensions") for writing.

### Requirements

- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/ "Link to website of Vagrtant")

## Usage

Nothing here yet.

## Contributing

Nothing here yet.

## License

Distributed under the [GPLv2](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html "Link to license") license.

Commit message:

docs(readme): start with getting started docs

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/vagrant-vscode">
    <img src="docs/assets/ocular-d-logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">Vagrant VSCode</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Visual Studio Code Demo For Technical Writing
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/vagrant-vscode"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/Best-vagrant-vscode/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/ocular-d/vagrant-vscode/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
## Table of Contents

- [About the Project](#about)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About

This is a demo of how to use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/ "Link to website") for technical (API) writing.

VSCode (Visual Studio Code) is running on top of an [Ubuntu 18.04 LTS Desktop](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop "Website of Ubuntu Desktop") configured with [extensions](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-gallery "Link to website with VSCode extensions") for writing.

### Requirements

- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/ "Link to website of Vagrant")
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/ "Link to website of Git")

## Usage

### Getting started

First make sure that you have all [requirements](#requirements) installed.

Now open a terminal and *clone* the repository:

```shell
git clone https://ocular-d/vagrant-vscode
```

Change into that directory:

```shell
cd vagrant-vscode
```

Start the setup process by starting vagrant:

```shell
vagrant up
```

Depending on your bandwidth, this can take some minutes.





## Contributing

Nothing here yet.

## License

Distributed under the [GPLv2](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html "Link to license") license.
